feat: dump to StatefulSet in K8s when volumes are passed to Executor (#5265)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/flow/create-flow.md

If you do not wish to rebuild the image, set the environment variable `JINA_HUB_NO_IMAGE_REBUILD`.
```

```{tip}

> If an Executor requires volumes to be mapped for them to persist data, Jina will create a StateFulSet for it instead of a Deployment.

Reviewer: What is "it" in "Jina will create a StateFulSet for **it** instead of a Deployment."?

Author: for the Executor

> If an Executor requires volumes to be mapped for them to persist data, Jina will create a StateFulSet for it instead of a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Executor requires volumes to be mapped for them to persist data, Jina will create a StateFulSet for that Executor instead of a Deployment.
```

Reviewer: Oh, and "StatefulSet", not "StateFulSet"

Author: can u edit your suggestion?

Reviewer: done

> If an Executor requires volumes to be mapped for them to persist data, Jina will create a StateFulSet for it instead of a Deployment.

Author: ```suggestion
If an Executor requires volumes to be mapped for them to persist data, Jina will create a StatefulSet for that Executor instead of a Deployment.
```

> If an Executor requires volumes to be mapped for them to persist data, Jina will create a StatefulSet for it instead of a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Executor requires volumes to be mapped for them to persist data, Jina will create a StatefulSet for that Executor instead of a Deployment.
```

Weird, I don't know why this didn't persist from last edits.

> You can control the access mode, the storage class name and the capacity of the attached Persistent Volume Claim by using the {ref}`Jina envirionemnt variables <jina-env-vars>`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control the access mode, storage class name and capacity of the attached Persistent Volume Claim by using {ref}`Jina envirionemnt variables <jina-env-vars>`  
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control the access mode, storage class name and capacity of the attached Persistent Volume Claim by using {ref}`Jina environment variables <jina-env-vars>`  
```

> `JINA_K8S_ACCESS_MODES`, `JINA_K8S_STORAGE_CLASS_NAME` and `JINA_K8S_STORAGE_CAPACITY`. Only a single volume will be considered to be mounted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`JINA_K8S_ACCESS_MODES`, `JINA_K8S_STORAGE_CLASS_NAME` and `JINA_K8S_STORAGE_CAPACITY`. Only the first volume will be considered to be mounted.
```
